.. _Deployment:

Overview
========

Once SecureDrop is installed on a news organization's servers, it's important
for the administrator to configure it in a way that provides the greatest
protection for sources and journalists, given the unique needs and constraints
of the organization.

The deployment section here covers a variety of tasks an administrator might
need to perform to successfully deploy SecureDrop, depending on organizational
needs and requirements.

Certain topics, such as creating a landing page and onboarding journalists, are
universal to all SecureDrop instances. Other topics are optional, and are only
needed if they fit in with the organization's security policies and newsroom
workflows.

The deployment tasks generally only need to be performed once. For tasks
related to the upkeep and troubleshooting of your SecureDrop instance, we
recommend reviewing :doc:`the maintenance documentation. <../maintenance/logging>`

Protecting the Security of the System
=====================================

SecureDrop is only as secure as the environment that surrounds it. To keep
sources safe, the news organization's website, physical space, and dedicated
SecureDrop hardware must employ a set of basic security best practices or risk
losing any source protection provided by SecureDrop.

Freedom of the Press Foundation eventually plans to `list all of those
SecureDrop onion URLs <https://securedrop.org/directory>`__ that meet the
minimum requirements for deployment best practices as "verified" on its
website. If your organization cannot follow the minimum guidelines, we cannot
recommend your SecureDrop instance as safe to use.

In addition to implementing the following best practices, we strongly recommend
that you have a reputable security firm perform a review of your organization's
public website prior to launching an instance of SecureDrop. Upon request, we
can help put you in touch with a few security firms if you need more assistance.